{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":88,"position":88,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":137,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["User Centric Frontend Development","Milestone Project","","The Swallows","My first milestone project is entitled The Swallows. The User Centric Frontend Development project was to create a website for a 1960’s Rock Band or you could develop your own individual project. I developed my own. I loosely followed the brief to design The Swallows. They are a 4 piece girl band from Manchester, England. The webpage is aimed at existing fans and possible new ones. It is designed to showcase their new music and information about the girls. It is also designed to make it easy access to find what they are looking for such as contact info and their latest shows. I have created a frontend only website consisting of six pages.","The business goals of this website are:","•\tBuild brand awareness.","•\tProvide information on upcoming shows and where to hear the band play.","•\tProvide contact info to ensure all users are kept up to date.","•\tExcellent UX to keep potential fans on site long enough to obtain all information they would need.","The customer goals of this website are:","•\tSearching for where to hear The Swallows play or general data.","•\tFind contact information and social sites.","•\tClear and easy to find background material about the band.","","UX","This website is aimed at existing fans and possible new ones. It showcases new songs, information on the band and clear ways to contact them. It also lists their upcoming shows with times and locations. (B2B)","As a developer I wanted to create a colour scheme across all 5 pages to allow the website to flow, there would be no drastic changes and I ultimately wanted the user experience to be almost calming so it subconsciously gives The Swallows an aura of relaxation. (B2B & B2C)","I also wanted the navigation system to be fairly simple so the user knows where the menu is sending them. Nothing ambiguous. I looked at many band websites and forums of what fans wanted. The main inspiration was a website for an American duo ‘Steel Blossoms’. The style of their website was something I was keen to try and recreate. (B2C)","","https://balsamiq.cloud/sjb1q9r/pmq7w3i/r012F",""," ","","I started off by using publisher to create my wireframes but then moved onto Balsamiq to create the other pages. This is mainly because I find the layout on Balsamiq easier to use but the colour and font elements on publisher opens more creative avenues. ","Features","Header","The very first feature you will see are social links. These will link the user to said social sights. They are on the top left of the page and they are only small to essentially be a feature elements.  It gives users different ways of connecting with the band. The social links are placed on every page in the header and footer again equalling easy access.","I then have a search bar at the top. This is designed so users can type in specific content and be taken to it straight away without having to filter through the other elements. This is part of the header so is featured on every page.","The header also contains a <h1> element which is the title of the band “The Swallows” this takes up a large proportion of the screen and is this positioned in the centre. Then when viewing on a mobile device the text flows better.","The menu bar is again featured on every page. They are linked to each individual page for easy navigation. There is a hvr-sweep-to-bottom so it adds to the aesthetic of the page.","Footer","The footer is also featured on every page. There are six pages in total with the Header and Footer being present on each.","There is a menu bar in the footer, listing the pages of the website, next to that is a list of the girls names and finally at the bottom right of the page there are the social links just promoting other ways you can follow the band","The bootstrap grid method has been utilised on every page just with the layout being slightly different.","","Section","Home","The Homepage of the band. It features their latest album cover and a link to their new release. But not really much information. Just enough to grab attention, focusing on colour schemes and the use of different fonts. This page works as a set up for the rest of the website.","Bio","This page focuses on the back story of the band. How they met/formed. As aforementioned every page includes the Header and the Footer elements.","Meet ","This page entitled Meet the Band is two columns wide with four rows each row contains an image of each of the girls and a short bio on each of them.","Shows","The Shows page features a table displaying where the girls are playing and what time. It also signals when they are free to be able to perform at special events. Below the table there are quotes left by fans of The Swallows and an image.","Contact","This is three columns of contact info, booking contact, press contact and label contact. All avenues are covered here as all contacts are accessible.","Existing Features","•\tHeader Navigation Bar - Exists on every page and allows all users to easily navigate all the website's pages and find what they are looking for quickly.","•\tHeader Title – Exists on every page acts almost like a logo but doesn’t link to the homepage.","•\tHeader Social Icons – Exists on every page and allows all users to access the social platforms that the artist uses.","•\tHeader Search Bar - Exists on every page is a quick way for a user to find what they are looking for.","•\tFooter Social Icons - Exists on every page and allows all users to access the social platforms that the artist uses.","•\tFooter Meet the Band and Menu items – Exists on every page. Adds to aesthetic of the page.","•\tBio & Meet the Band Page - Allows potential fans and business contacts to connect with the artists without overloading them with information.","•\tShows Page - Allows all visitors to the website to know when and where the band are preforming and when they may be available for bookings","•\tContact Page - Allows potential clients to see the best way to contact the band, in regards to professional or personal.","Features to Implement in future","•\tFAQ page, table with FAQs and dropdown buttons to view answers - Gives potential clients easy to find answers to their common questions. - Javascript Needed for dropdown functionality. Simple FAQ page could be implemented now.","•\tBlog - Allows new and existing fans to discover the website through articles written by the members about topics such as their shows/new music what they have been up to and what they would like to accomplish.","•\tOption to choose the language of the website - As the band expand it wouldn’t place a limit on their following.","•\tPromotional Video - Allows potential clients to connect with the artist, see her working in the studio and view some of her work. Creates connection and emotional response.","•\tAdd audio and video clips so users can sample the bands work.","Technology Used","•\tThis project uses HTML and CSS programming languages.","•\tCloud9 - This developer used Cloud9 for their IDE while building the website.","•\tBootstrapCDN ","o\tThe project uses Bootstrap4 to simplify the structure of the website and make the website responsive easily.","o\tThe project also uses BootstrapCDN to provide icons from FontAwesome","•\tGoogle Fonts ","o\tThe project uses Google fonts to style the website fonts","•\tW3Schools","o\tThis project uses W3Schools to use the coding for the searchbar.","o\tThis project also uses W3Schools for the list of colours","Testing","•\tW3C CSS validation","•\tW3C Markup Validation ","o\tThe developer used W3C CSS Validation Service and W3C Markup Validation Service to check the validity of the website code.","Testing client stories from UX section of README.md","1.\tAs a new visitor to the website, I want to easily navigate the site, so I can find what I need efficiently.","i.\tNo matter what page the new visitor lands on, they can easily find and use the navigation bar.","2.\tAs a new visitor to the website, I want to know when the band are performing, and view their work in detail so I can decide if I want to follow their work.","i.\tPage dedicated to music, clips of music videos, where to download/buy.","3.\tAs a visitor to the website, I am curious to know more about the artists, so I can connect with them on a personal level.","i.\tA clearly labelled Bio and Meet the Band page is easy to find in the navigation on every page..","ii.\tBoth pages contain photos of the artists and short but compelling text about the history of the band and info on each girl.","4.\tAs a potential client, I want to know what people think of the band and their music.","i.\tOn the home page, testimonials from past clients are easy to find and to read.","5.\tAs a potential client, I want to view expected prices for a portrait, so I can decide if it is within my budget to order.","i.\tA clearly labelled pricing page is easy to find in the navigation on every page..","ii.\tOnce the visitor to the website has already been led by call to action buttons from the Home page, and through to the Gallery, they are then led to the Pricing page.","6.\tAs an interested client, I want an easy way to be able to contact the artists, if I have a more personal request or a business enquiry.","i.\tA clearly labelled contact page is easy to find in the website navigation on every page.","7.\tAs an interested observer and/or potential client, I want to follow the artists on social media, so I can keep up with her latest news.","i.\tsocial media icons can be found in the header and footer on every page of the website.","Manual testing of all elements and functionality.","","1.\tHeader:","i.\tGo to the \"Home\" page from a desktop.","ii.\tChange the screen size from desktop to mobile to verify that the navigation bar looks good on smaller screen sizes also.","iii.\tWhen checking responsiveness of navbar, verify that there is no overflow causing ugly size changes to menu items. ","iv.\tHover over the menu bar to test the hover elements.","v.\tHover over social links to see the color change.","vi.\tClick on each navigation menu item and verify that it links to the correct page.","vii.\tChange screen size to small and verify that menu text is centred.","viii.\tRepeat verification of functionality and responsiveness on div tools.","2.\tFooter:","i.\tHover over each social media icon and confirm colour and size transitions expected.","ii.\tReduce and expand width of window to verify that the footer is responsive and looks good on all device widths.","iii.\tReview all functionality and responsiveness on div tools.","3.\tPage images:","i.\tHover over each image in the content and confirm that the alt title for each appears.","ii.\tReduce and expand width of window to verify that each image behaves and centres the way expected, and that they look good on all device widths.","4.\tPage content:","i.\tReduce and expand width of window to verify that each line of text behaves the way expected, and that the text arrangement looks good on all device widths.","Deployment","This project was developed using the Cloud9 IDE, committed to git and pushed to GitHub using the built in function within cloud9.","To deploy this page to GitHub Pages from its GitHub repository, the following steps were taken:","1.\tLog into GitHub.","2.\tFrom the list of repositories on the screen, select elizabeth24602/the-swallows.","3.\tFrom the menu items near the top of the page, select Settings.","4.\tScroll down to the GitHub Pages section.","5.\tUnder Source click the drop-down menu labelled None and select Master Branch","6.\tOn selecting Master Branch the page is automatically refreshed, the website is now deployed.","7.\tScroll back down to the GitHub Pages section to retrieve the link to the deployed website.","At the moment of submitting this Milestone project the Development Branch and Master Branch are identical.","Credits","Content","•\tThe text for the website was created for The Swallows by Elizabeth Perrey.","•\tThe text was proof-read/edited by Elizabeth Perrey","Media","•\tAll the photos used in this site were obtained from pinterest.","Code","•\tCSS code for search bar used from W3Schools.","Acknowledgements","•\tI received inspiration for this project from my own experience of building and maintaining a WordPress Blog for personal use in the past years.","•\tThe Steel Blossoms website gave me inspiration for this website.",""],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":443,"column":212},"action":"insert","lines":["","Toggle Mode","","1","2","3","4","5","6","7","8","9","10","11","12","13","14","15","16","17","18","19","20","21","22","23","24","25","26","27","28","29","30","31","32","33","34","35","36","37","38","39","40","41","42","43","44","45","46","47","48","49","50","51","52","53","54","55","56","57","58","59","60","61","62","63","64","65","66","67","68","69","70","71","72","73","74","75","76","77","78","79","80","81","82","83","84","85","86","87","88","89","90","91","92","93","94","95","96","97","98","99","100","101","102","103","104","105","106","107","108","109","110","111","112","113","114","115","116","117","118","119","120","121","","","# User Centric Frontend Development","## Milestone Project","### The Swallows","My first milestone project is entitled The Swallows. The User Centric Frontend Development ","project was to create a website for a 1960’s Rock Band or you could develop your own ","individual project. I developed my own. I loosely followed the brief to design The Swallows. ","They are a 4 piece girl band from Manchester, England. The webpage is aimed at existing fans ","and possible new ones. It is designed to showcase their new music and information about the ","girls. It is also designed to make it easy access to find what they are looking for such as ","contact info and their latest shows. I have created a frontend only website consisting of six ","pages. ","##### The business goals of this website are:","• Build brand awareness. ","• Provide information on upcoming shows and where to hear the band play. ","• Provide contact info to ensure all users are kept up to date. ","• Excellent UX to keep potential fans on site long enough to obtain all information they would ","need. ","##### The customer goals of this website are:","• Searching for where to hear The Swallows play or general data. ","• Find contact information and social sites. ","• Clear and easy to find background material about the band. ","### UX","This website is aimed at existing fans and possible new ones. It showcases new songs, ","information on the band and clear ways to contact them. It also lists their upcoming shows ","with times and locations. (B2B) As a developer I wanted to create a colour scheme across all 5 ","pages to allow the website to flow, there would be no drastic changes and I ultimately wanted ","the user experience to be almost calming so it subconsciously gives The Swallows an aura of ","relaxation. (B2B & B2C) I also wanted the navigation system to be fairly simple so the user ","knows where the menu is sending them. Nothing ambiguous. I looked at many band websites and ","forums of what fans wanted. The main inspiration was a website for an American duo ‘Steel ","Blossoms’. The style of their website was something I was keen to try and recreate. (B2C) ","","https://balsamiq.cloud/sjb1q9r/pmq7w3i/r012F","","I started off by using publisher to create my wireframes but then moved onto Balsamiq to ","create the other pages. This is mainly because I find the layout on Balsamiq easier to use but ","the colour and font elements on publisher opens more creative avenues. ","### Features","#### Header","The very first feature you will see are social links. These will link the user to said social ","sights. They are on the top left of the page and they are only small to essentially be a ","feature elements. It gives users different ways of connecting with the band. The social links ","are placed on every page in the header and footer again equalling easy access. I then have a ","search bar at the top. This is designed so users can type in specific content and be taken to ","it straight away without having to filter through the other elements. This is part of the ","header so is featured on every page. The header also contains a the title of the band “The ","Swallows” this takes up a large proportion of the screen and is this positioned in the centre. ","Then when viewing on a mobile device the text flows better. The menu bar is again featured on ","every page. They are linked to each individual page for easy navigation. There is a ","hvr-sweep-to-bottom so it adds to the aesthetic of the page. ","#### Footer","The footer is also featured on every page. There are six pages in total with the Header and ","Footer being present on each. There is a menu bar in the footer, listing the pages of the ","website, next to that is a list of the girls names and finally at the bottom right of the page ","there are the social links just promoting other ways you can follow the band The bootstrap ","grid method has been utilised on every page just with the layout being slightly different. ","#### Section","##### Home","The Homepage of the band. It features their latest album cover and a link to their new ","release. But not really much information. Just enough to grab attention, focusing on colour ","schemes and the use of different fonts. This page works as a set up for the rest of the ","website. ","##### Bio","This page focuses on the back story of the band. How they met/formed. As aforementioned every ","page includes the Header and the Footer elements. ","##### Meet","This page entitled Meet the Band is two columns wide with four rows each row contains an image ","of each of the girls and a short bio on each of them. ","##### Shows","The Shows page features a table showing each show and location. Underneath there are quotes ","from people who are fans of the band, also a picture can be found on the right of the screen.","##### Music ","Currently the Music page doesn't have any content. I wanted to add audio and video clips of ","the band but unfortunatley I do not have any. ","##### Contact","This is three columns of contact info, booking contact, press contact and label contact. All ","avenues are covered here as all contacts are accessible. ","##### Existing Features","• Header Navigation Bar - Exists on every page and allows all users to easily navigate all the ","website's pages and find what they are looking for quickly. ","• Header Title – Exists on every page acts almost like a logo but doesn’t link to the ","homepage. • Header Social Icons – Exists on every page and allows all users to access the ","social platforms that the artist uses. ","• Header Search Bar - Exists on every page is a quick way for a user to find what they are ","looking for. ","• Footer Social Icons - Exists on every page and allows all users to access the social ","platforms that the artist uses. ","• Footer Meet the Band and Menu items – Exists on every page. Adds to aesthetic of the page. • ","Bio & Meet the Band Page - Allows potential fans and business contacts to connect with the ","artists without overloading them with information. ","• Shows Page - Allows all visitors to the website to know when and where the band are ","preforming and when they may be available for bookings ","• Contact Page - Allows potential clients to see the best way to contact the band, in regards ","to professional or personal. ","##### Features to Implement in future","• FAQ page, table with FAQs and dropdown buttons to view answers - Gives potential clients ","easy to find answers to their common questions.","• Blog - Allows new and existing fans to discover the website through articles written by the ","members about topics such as their shows/new music what they have been up to and what they ","would like to accomplish. ","• Option to choose the language of the website - As the band expand it wouldn’t place a limit ","on their following. ","• Promotional Video - Allows potential clients to connect with the artist.","• Add audio and video clips so users can sample the bands work. ","### Technology Used","• This project uses HTML and CSS programming languages. ","• Cloud9 - This developer used Cloud9 for their IDE while building the website. ","• BootstrapCDN ","    o The project uses Bootstrap4 to simplify the structure of the website and make the ","    website responsive easily. ","    o The project also uses BootstrapCDN to provide icons from FontAwesome ","• Google Fonts ","    o The project uses Google fonts to style the website fonts ","• W3Schools","    o This project uses W3Schools to use the coding for the searchbar. ","    o This project also uses W3Schools for the list of colours ","### Testing","• W3C CSS validation ","• W3C Markup Validation ","    o The developer used W3C CSS Validation Service and W3C Markup Validation Service to check ","    the validity of the website code. ","##### Testing client stories from UX section of README.md","1. As a new visitor to the website, I want to easily navigate the site, so I can find what I ","need efficiently. ","    i. No matter what page the new visitor lands on, they can easily find and use the ","    navigation bar. ","2.  As a new visitor to the website, I want to know when the band are performing, and view ","their work in detail so I can decide if I want to follow their work. ","    i. Page dedicated to music, clips of music videos, where to download/buy. ","3. As a visitor to the website, I am curious to know more about the artists, so I can connect ","with them on a personal level. ","    i. A clearly labelled Bio and Meet the Band page is easy to find in the navigation on ","    every page.. ","    ii. Both pages contain photos of the artists and short but compelling text about the ","    history of the band and info on each girl. ","4. As a potential client, I want to know what people think of the band and their music. ","    i. On the home page, testimonials from past clients are easy to find and to read. ","5. As a potential client, I want to view expected prices for a portrait, so I can decide if it ","is within my budget to order. ","    i. A clearly labelled pricing page is easy to find in the navigation on every page.. ","    ii. Once the visitor to the website has already been led by call to action buttons from ","    the Home page, and through to the Gallery, they are then led to the Pricing page. ","6. As an interested client, I want an easy way to be able to contact the artists, if I have a ","more personal request or a business enquiry. ","    i. A clearly labelled contact page is easy to find in the website navigation on every ","    page.","7. As an interested observer and/or potential client, I want to follow the artists on social ","media, so I can keep up with her latest news. ","    i. social media icons can be found in the header and footer on every page of the website. ","##### Manual testing.","###### Header: ","1. Go to the \"Home\" page from a desktop. ","2. Change the screen size from desktop to mobile to verify that the navigation bar looks good ","on smaller screen sizes also. ","3. When checking responsiveness of navbar, verify that there is no overflow causing ugly size ","changes to menu items. ","4. Hover over the menu bar to test the hover elements. ","5. Hover over social links to see the color change. ","6. Click on each navigation menu item and verify that it links to the correct page. ","7. Change screen size to small and verify that menu text is centred. ","8. Repeat verification of functionality and responsiveness on div tools.","###### Footer: ","1. Hover over each social media icon and confirm colour and size transitions expected.","2. Reduce and expand width of window to verify that the footer is responsive and looks good on ","all device widths.","3. Review all functionality and responsiveness on div tools. ","###### Page images: ","1. Hover over each image in the content and confirm that the alt title for each appears.","2. Reduce and expand width of window to verify that each image behaves and centres the way ","expected, and that they look good on all device widths. ","###### Page content: ","1. Reduce and expand width of window to verify that each line of text behaves the way ","expected, and that the text arrangement looks good on all device widths. ","### Deployment","This project was developed using the Cloud9 IDE, committed to git and pushed to GitHub using ","the built in function within cloud9. To deploy this page to GitHub Pages from its GitHub ","repository, the following steps were taken: ","1. Log into GitHub. ","2. From the list of repositories on the screen, select elizabeth24602/the-swallows. ","3. From the menu items near the top of the page, select Settings. ","4. Scroll down to the GitHub Pages section. ","5. Under Source click the drop-down menu labelled None and select Master Branch ","6. On selecting Master Branch the page is automatically refreshed, the website is now ","deployed. ","7. Scroll back down to the GitHub Pages section to retrieve the link to the deployed website. ","### Credits","##### Content","• The text for the website was created for The Swallows by Elizabeth Perrey. ","• The text was proof-read/edited by Elizabeth Perrey ","##### Media","• All the photos used in this site were obtained from pinterest. ","##### Code","• CSS code for search bar used from W3Schools. ","##### Acknowledgements","• I received inspiration for this project from my own experience of building and maintaining a ","WordPress Blog for personal use in the past years. • The Steel Blossoms website gave me ","inspiration for this website. ","","","User Centric Frontend Development","Milestone Project","The Swallows","My first milestone project is entitled The Swallows. The User Centric Frontend Development project was to create a website for a 1960’s Rock Band or you could develop your own individual project. I developed my own. I loosely followed the brief to design The Swallows. They are a 4 piece girl band from Manchester, England. The webpage is aimed at existing fans and possible new ones. It is designed to showcase their new music and information about the girls. It is also designed to make it easy access to find what they are looking for such as contact info and their latest shows. I have created a frontend only website consisting of six pages.","The business goals of this website are:","• Build brand awareness.","• Provide information on upcoming shows and where to hear the band play.","• Provide contact info to ensure all users are kept up to date.","• Excellent UX to keep potential fans on site long enough to obtain all information they would need.","The customer goals of this website are:","• Searching for where to hear The Swallows play or general data.","• Find contact information and social sites.","• Clear and easy to find background material about the band.","UX","This website is aimed at existing fans and possible new ones. It showcases new songs, information on the band and clear ways to contact them. It also lists their upcoming shows with times and locations. (B2B) As a developer I wanted to create a colour scheme across all 5 pages to allow the website to flow, there would be no drastic changes and I ultimately wanted the user experience to be almost calming so it subconsciously gives The Swallows an aura of relaxation. (B2B & B2C) I also wanted the navigation system to be fairly simple so the user knows where the menu is sending them. Nothing ambiguous. I looked at many band websites and forums of what fans wanted. The main inspiration was a website for an American duo ‘Steel Blossoms’. The style of their website was something I was keen to try and recreate. (B2C)","https://balsamiq.cloud/sjb1q9r/pmq7w3i/r012F","I started off by using publisher to create my wireframes but then moved onto Balsamiq to create the other pages. This is mainly because I find the layout on Balsamiq easier to use but the colour and font elements on publisher opens more creative avenues.","Features","Header","The very first feature you will see are social links. These will link the user to said social sights. They are on the top left of the page and they are only small to essentially be a feature elements. It gives users different ways of connecting with the band. The social links are placed on every page in the header and footer again equalling easy access. I then have a search bar at the top. This is designed so users can type in specific content and be taken to it straight away without having to filter through the other elements. This is part of the header so is featured on every page. The header also contains a the title of the band “The Swallows” this takes up a large proportion of the screen and is this positioned in the centre. Then when viewing on a mobile device the text flows better. The menu bar is again featured on every page. They are linked to each individual page for easy navigation. There is a hvr-sweep-to-bottom so it adds to the aesthetic of the page.","Footer","The footer is also featured on every page. There are six pages in total with the Header and Footer being present on each. There is a menu bar in the footer, listing the pages of the website, next to that is a list of the girls names and finally at the bottom right of the page there are the social links just promoting other ways you can follow the band The bootstrap grid method has been utilised on every page just with the layout being slightly different.","Section","Home","The Homepage of the band. It features their latest album cover and a link to their new release. But not really much information. Just enough to grab attention, focusing on colour schemes and the use of different fonts. This page works as a set up for the rest of the website.","Bio","This page focuses on the back story of the band. How they met/formed. As aforementioned every page includes the Header and the Footer elements.","Meet","This page entitled Meet the Band is two columns wide with four rows each row contains an image of each of the girls and a short bio on each of them.","Shows","The Shows page features a table showing each show and location. Underneath there are quotes from people who are fans of the band, also a picture can be found on the right of the screen.","Music","Currently the Music page doesn’t have any content. I wanted to add audio and video clips of the band but unfortunatley I do not have any.","Contact","This is three columns of contact info, booking contact, press contact and label contact. All avenues are covered here as all contacts are accessible.","Existing Features","• Header Navigation Bar - Exists on every page and allows all users to easily navigate all the website’s pages and find what they are looking for quickly.","• Header Title – Exists on every page acts almost like a logo but doesn’t link to the homepage. • Header Social Icons – Exists on every page and allows all users to access the social platforms that the artist uses.","• Header Search Bar - Exists on every page is a quick way for a user to find what they are looking for.","• Footer Social Icons - Exists on every page and allows all users to access the social platforms that the artist uses.","• Footer Meet the Band and Menu items – Exists on every page. Adds to aesthetic of the page. • Bio & Meet the Band Page - Allows potential fans and business contacts to connect with the artists without overloading them with information.","• Shows Page - Allows all visitors to the website to know when and where the band are preforming and when they may be available for bookings","• Contact Page - Allows potential clients to see the best way to contact the band, in regards to professional or personal.","Features to Implement in future","• FAQ page, table with FAQs and dropdown buttons to view answers - Gives potential clients easy to find answers to their common questions.","• Blog - Allows new and existing fans to discover the website through articles written by the members about topics such as their shows/new music what they have been up to and what they would like to accomplish.","• Option to choose the language of the website - As the band expand it wouldn’t place a limit on their following.","• Promotional Video - Allows potential clients to connect with the artist.","• Add audio and video clips so users can sample the bands work.","Technology Used","• This project uses HTML and CSS programming languages.","• Cloud9 - This developer used Cloud9 for their IDE while building the website.","• BootstrapCDN","o The project uses Bootstrap4 to simplify the structure of the website and make the website responsive easily.","o The project also uses BootstrapCDN to provide icons from FontAwesome","• Google Fonts","o The project uses Google fonts to style the website fonts","• W3Schools","o This project uses W3Schools to use the coding for the searchbar.","o This project also uses W3Schools for the list of colours","Testing","• W3C CSS validation","• W3C Markup Validation","o The developer used W3C CSS Validation Service and W3C Markup Validation Service to check the validity of the website code.","Testing client stories from UX section of README.md","As a new visitor to the website, I want to easily navigate the site, so I can find what I need efficiently.","i. No matter what page the new visitor lands on, they can easily find and use the navigation bar.","As a new visitor to the website, I want to know when the band are performing, and view their work in detail so I can decide if I want to follow their work.","i. Page dedicated to music, clips of music videos, where to download/buy.","As a visitor to the website, I am curious to know more about the artists, so I can connect with them on a personal level.","i. A clearly labelled Bio and Meet the Band page is easy to find in the navigation on every page…","ii. Both pages contain photos of the artists and short but compelling text about the history of the band and info on each girl.","As a potential client, I want to know what people think of the band and their music.","i. On the home page, testimonials from past clients are easy to find and to read.","As a potential client, I want to view expected prices for a portrait, so I can decide if it is within my budget to order.","i. A clearly labelled pricing page is easy to find in the navigation on every page…","ii. Once the visitor to the website has already been led by call to action buttons from the Home page, and through to the Gallery, they are then led to the Pricing page.","As an interested client, I want an easy way to be able to contact the artists, if I have a more personal request or a business enquiry.","i. A clearly labelled contact page is easy to find in the website navigation on every page.","As an interested observer and/or potential client, I want to follow the artists on social media, so I can keep up with her latest news.","i. social media icons can be found in the header and footer on every page of the website.","Manual testing.","Header:","Go to the “Home” page from a desktop.","Change the screen size from desktop to mobile to verify that the navigation bar looks good on smaller screen sizes also.","When checking responsiveness of navbar, verify that there is no overflow causing ugly size changes to menu items.","Hover over the menu bar to test the hover elements.","Hover over social links to see the color change.","Click on each navigation menu item and verify that it links to the correct page.","Change screen size to small and verify that menu text is centred.","Repeat verification of functionality and responsiveness on div tools.","Footer:","Hover over each social media icon and confirm colour and size transitions expected.","Reduce and expand width of window to verify that the footer is responsive and looks good on all device widths.","Review all functionality and responsiveness on div tools.","Page images:","Hover over each image in the content and confirm that the alt title for each appears.","Reduce and expand width of window to verify that each image behaves and centres the way expected, and that they look good on all device widths.","Page content:","Reduce and expand width of window to verify that each line of text behaves the way expected, and that the text arrangement looks good on all device widths.","Deployment","This project was developed using the Cloud9 IDE, committed to git and pushed to GitHub using the built in function within cloud9. To deploy this page to GitHub Pages from its GitHub repository, the following steps were taken:","Log into GitHub.","From the list of repositories on the screen, select elizabeth24602/the-swallows.","From the menu items near the top of the page, select Settings.","Scroll down to the GitHub Pages section.","Under Source click the drop-down menu labelled None and select Master Branch","On selecting Master Branch the page is automatically refreshed, the website is now deployed.","Scroll back down to the GitHub Pages section to retrieve the link to the deployed website.","Credits","Content","• The text for the website was created for The Swallows by Elizabeth Perrey.","• The text was proof-read/edited by Elizabeth Perrey","Media","• All the photos used in this site were obtained from pinterest.","Code","• CSS code for search bar used from W3Schools.","Acknowledgements","• I received inspiration for this project from my own experience of building and maintaining a WordPress Blog for personal use in the past years. • The Steel Blossoms website gave me inspiration for this website."],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":439,"column":64},"end":{"row":440,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":439,"column":64},"end":{"row":440,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":48},"end":{"row":357,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":6},{"start":{"row":357,"column":47},"end":{"row":357,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":46},"end":{"row":357,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":45},"end":{"row":357,"column":46},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":44},"end":{"row":357,"column":45},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":43},"end":{"row":357,"column":44},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":42},"end":{"row":357,"column":43},"action":"remove","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":41},"end":{"row":357,"column":42},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":40},"end":{"row":357,"column":41},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":39},"end":{"row":357,"column":40},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":38},"end":{"row":357,"column":39},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":37},"end":{"row":357,"column":38},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":36},"end":{"row":357,"column":37},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":35},"end":{"row":357,"column":36},"action":"remove","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":34},"end":{"row":357,"column":35},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":33},"end":{"row":357,"column":34},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":32},"end":{"row":357,"column":33},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":31},"end":{"row":357,"column":32},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":30},"end":{"row":357,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":["’"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":29},"end":{"row":357,"column":30},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":7},{"start":{"row":357,"column":28},"end":{"row":357,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":27},"end":{"row":357,"column":28},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":26},"end":{"row":357,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":25},"end":{"row":357,"column":26},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":25},"end":{"row":357,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":["c"],"id":8},{"start":{"row":357,"column":26},"end":{"row":357,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":27},"end":{"row":357,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":28},"end":{"row":357,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":9},{"start":{"row":357,"column":29},"end":{"row":357,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":30},"end":{"row":357,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":31},"end":{"row":357,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":10}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":32},"end":{"row":357,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":11},{"start":{"row":357,"column":33},"end":{"row":357,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":34},"end":{"row":357,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["f"],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":35},"end":{"row":357,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":13},{"start":{"row":357,"column":36},"end":{"row":357,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":37},"end":{"row":357,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":38},"end":{"row":357,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":14},{"start":{"row":357,"column":39},"end":{"row":357,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":40},"end":{"row":357,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":15},{"start":{"row":357,"column":41},"end":{"row":357,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":42},"end":{"row":357,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["y"],"id":16},{"start":{"row":357,"column":43},"end":{"row":357,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":44},"end":{"row":357,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":45},"end":{"row":357,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["c"],"id":17}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":46},"end":{"row":357,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":18},{"start":{"row":357,"column":47},"end":{"row":357,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":48},"end":{"row":357,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":19}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":49},"end":{"row":357,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":20}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":50},"end":{"row":357,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":21},{"start":{"row":357,"column":51},"end":{"row":357,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":52},"end":{"row":357,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":53},"end":{"row":357,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":22},{"start":{"row":357,"column":54},"end":{"row":357,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":55},"end":{"row":357,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":23}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":56},"end":{"row":357,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":24},{"start":{"row":357,"column":57},"end":{"row":357,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":58},"end":{"row":357,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":59},"end":{"row":357,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":25},{"start":{"row":357,"column":60},"end":{"row":357,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":61},"end":{"row":357,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":62},"end":{"row":357,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":26}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":63},"end":{"row":357,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":27},{"start":{"row":357,"column":64},"end":{"row":357,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":65},"end":{"row":357,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":66},"end":{"row":357,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":28},{"start":{"row":357,"column":67},"end":{"row":357,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":64},"end":{"row":357,"column":68},"action":"remove","lines":["feat"],"id":29},{"start":{"row":357,"column":64},"end":{"row":357,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["feature"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":71},"end":{"row":357,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":30},{"start":{"row":357,"column":72},"end":{"row":357,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":73},"end":{"row":357,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":74},"end":{"row":357,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":74},"end":{"row":357,"column":75},"action":"remove","lines":["i"],"id":31}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":74},"end":{"row":357,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":32},{"start":{"row":357,"column":75},"end":{"row":357,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":76},"end":{"row":357,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":33},{"start":{"row":357,"column":77},"end":{"row":357,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":78},"end":{"row":357,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":79},"end":{"row":357,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":34},{"start":{"row":357,"column":80},"end":{"row":357,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":81},"end":{"row":357,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":82},"end":{"row":357,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":83},"end":{"row":357,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["o"],"id":35},{"start":{"row":357,"column":84},"end":{"row":357,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":85},"end":{"row":357,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["y"],"id":36}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":86},"end":{"row":357,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":37},{"start":{"row":357,"column":87},"end":{"row":357,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":88},"end":{"row":357,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":89},"end":{"row":357,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":38},{"start":{"row":357,"column":90},"end":{"row":357,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":91},"end":{"row":357,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":92},"end":{"row":357,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":39}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":93},"end":{"row":357,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":40},{"start":{"row":357,"column":94},"end":{"row":357,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":95},"end":{"row":357,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":41},{"start":{"row":357,"column":96},"end":{"row":357,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":97},"end":{"row":357,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":98},"end":{"row":357,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["o"],"id":42},{"start":{"row":357,"column":99},"end":{"row":357,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":100},"end":{"row":357,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":101},"end":{"row":357,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":102},"end":{"row":357,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":103},"end":{"row":357,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":43},{"start":{"row":357,"column":104},"end":{"row":357,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":105},"end":{"row":357,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":106},"end":{"row":357,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":44}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":107},"end":{"row":357,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":45},{"start":{"row":357,"column":108},"end":{"row":357,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":109},"end":{"row":357,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":46}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":110},"end":{"row":357,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["y"],"id":47},{"start":{"row":357,"column":111},"end":{"row":357,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":112},"end":{"row":357,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":113},"end":{"row":357,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":48},{"start":{"row":357,"column":114},"end":{"row":357,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":115},"end":{"row":357,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":116},"end":{"row":357,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":117},"end":{"row":357,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":49},{"start":{"row":357,"column":118},"end":{"row":357,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":119},"end":{"row":357,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":120},"end":{"row":357,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":50},{"start":{"row":357,"column":121},"end":{"row":357,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":122},"end":{"row":357,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":51}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":123},"end":{"row":357,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":52},{"start":{"row":357,"column":124},"end":{"row":357,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":124},"end":{"row":357,"column":125},"action":"remove","lines":["a"],"id":53}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":124},"end":{"row":357,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["A"],"id":54},{"start":{"row":357,"column":125},"end":{"row":357,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":126},"end":{"row":357,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":55}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":127},"end":{"row":357,"column":128},"action":"insert","lines":["T"],"id":56},{"start":{"row":357,"column":128},"end":{"row":357,"column":129},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":129},"end":{"row":357,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":57}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":130},"end":{"row":357,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":58}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":131},"end":{"row":357,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":["S"],"id":59},{"start":{"row":357,"column":132},"end":{"row":357,"column":133},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":131},"end":{"row":357,"column":133},"action":"remove","lines":["Sw"],"id":60},{"start":{"row":357,"column":131},"end":{"row":357,"column":139},"action":"insert","lines":["Swallows"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":139},"end":{"row":357,"column":140},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":61},{"start":{"row":357,"column":140},"end":{"row":357,"column":141},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":140},"end":{"row":357,"column":141},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":62},{"start":{"row":357,"column":139},"end":{"row":357,"column":140},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":139},"end":{"row":357,"column":140},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":63},{"start":{"row":357,"column":140},"end":{"row":357,"column":141},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":141},"end":{"row":357,"column":142},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":142},"end":{"row":357,"column":143},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":64}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":143},"end":{"row":357,"column":144},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":65}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":144},"end":{"row":357,"column":145},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":66},{"start":{"row":357,"column":145},"end":{"row":357,"column":146},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":146},"end":{"row":357,"column":147},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":147},"end":{"row":357,"column":148},"action":"insert","lines":["d"],"id":67},{"start":{"row":357,"column":148},"end":{"row":357,"column":149},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":149},"end":{"row":357,"column":150},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":68}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":150},"end":{"row":357,"column":151},"action":"insert","lines":["u"],"id":69},{"start":{"row":357,"column":151},"end":{"row":357,"column":152},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":152},"end":{"row":357,"column":153},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":70},{"start":{"row":357,"column":153},"end":{"row":357,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":154},"end":{"row":357,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":155},"end":{"row":357,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":71},{"start":{"row":357,"column":156},"end":{"row":357,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":157},"end":{"row":357,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":72},{"start":{"row":357,"column":158},"end":{"row":357,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":159},"end":{"row":357,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":73},{"start":{"row":357,"column":160},"end":{"row":357,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":161},"end":{"row":357,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":74},{"start":{"row":357,"column":162},"end":{"row":357,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":163},"end":{"row":357,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":164},"end":{"row":357,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["u"],"id":75},{"start":{"row":357,"column":165},"end":{"row":357,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":166},"end":{"row":357,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":167},"end":{"row":357,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":76}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":167},"end":{"row":357,"column":168},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":77}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":167},"end":{"row":357,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":78},{"start":{"row":357,"column":168},"end":{"row":357,"column":169},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":169},"end":{"row":357,"column":170},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":79},{"start":{"row":357,"column":170},"end":{"row":357,"column":171},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":170},"end":{"row":357,"column":171},"action":"remove","lines":["v"],"id":80},{"start":{"row":357,"column":170},"end":{"row":357,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":["video"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":175},"end":{"row":357,"column":176},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":357,"column":176},"end":{"row":357,"column":177},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":177},"end":{"row":357,"column":178},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":82},{"start":{"row":357,"column":178},"end":{"row":357,"column":179},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":179},"end":{"row":357,"column":180},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":180},"end":{"row":357,"column":181},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":181},"end":{"row":357,"column":182},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":83},{"start":{"row":357,"column":182},"end":{"row":357,"column":183},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":183},"end":{"row":357,"column":184},"action":"insert","lines":["o"],"id":84}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":184},"end":{"row":357,"column":185},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":85},{"start":{"row":357,"column":185},"end":{"row":357,"column":186},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":186},"end":{"row":357,"column":187},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":86},{"start":{"row":357,"column":187},"end":{"row":357,"column":188},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":188},"end":{"row":357,"column":189},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":189},"end":{"row":357,"column":190},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":190},"end":{"row":357,"column":191},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":87}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":191},"end":{"row":357,"column":192},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":88},{"start":{"row":357,"column":192},"end":{"row":357,"column":193},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":193},"end":{"row":357,"column":194},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":89},{"start":{"row":357,"column":194},"end":{"row":357,"column":195},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":357,"column":195},"end":{"row":357,"column":196},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":357,"column":196},"end":{"row":357,"column":197},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":90},{"start":{"row":357,"column":197},"end":{"row":357,"column":198},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":4704,"scrollleft":746,"selection":{"start":{"row":357,"column":198},"end":{"row":357,"column":198},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":486,"mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1562250435395,"hash":"5b77b2948539ddff690bb2ffa1c10f5660a026dc"}